---
title: "Survey response no. 005"
---

- *Postcode*: SW2 5AL 
- *Tenancy*: Private rented  
- *Provider*: [PRS](providers/PRS)
- *Duration of problem*: Two years and then landlord installed double glazing. We still have to make sure we keep windows open and use a dehumifidier as the issue comes from the fact the house is old and not properly insulator (as confirmed by a contractor who inspected the house)
- *Problem type*: Damp and mould (both ongoing)  
- *Have you contacted anyone for help with these problems? What was their response?*: Landlord to do repairs.
- *Is there anything else you would like to add?*: When I lived in Holloway (N7 OEW) as a student between 2015-2017, we had an awful black mould and damp problem in our house which we lived in for two years. The estate agents (Victorstone) and the landlord did nothing to help it - all they said was to keep the windows open and run the heating (which we would have to pay for via energy bills). All of us living in the house (4 people) developed really bad coughs and [were very sick](cause-effect-affect/infection) in our second year living there - which we think was due to black mould growing on the walls around our beds. One of the flatmates had [a cough all year](cause-effect-affect/asthma) and didn't realise it was due to the house when we moved out. It was really horrible - the house smelt, our clothes wouldn't dry, and our health was affected. However as student we felt like we had no rights and couldn't do anything.