---
title: "Survey response 051"
tags:
- survey-response
---

- *Postcode*: W10 5  
- *Tenancy*: Social housing, housing association  
- *Provider*: [Catalyst](providers/catalyst)
- *Duration of problem*: About a year  
- *Problem type*: Damp and mould (both ongoing)  
- *Have you contacted anyone for help with these problems? What was their response?*: Contacted Catalyst Housing - soon to be [Peabody](providers/peabody). They ignored it for about 9 months until a neighbour gave me the direct number to a very senior manager. She arranged an inspection. The inspector said that the guttering was no longer fit for use, with climate change it needed to be changed to larger guttering to cope with torrential rain.  

  Because my home will be [demolished](cause-effect-affect/regeneration) within the next 10 years we've been told that it isn't worth it to the trust and that the guttering will just be cleaned - it is not blocked.  
- *Is there anything else you would like to add?*: We live on a building site. My first home and garden were demolished. This home will be too. There is a massive demolition 30 feet from my home. A neighbour is dying of lung cancer, the jackhammer and heavy plant noise is the environment she is spending her final days in.  

  [My son's clothes and shoes were covered in mould](cause-effect-affect/damage-to-belongings). The senior manager I contacted is the only competent human being in Catalyst, the CEO doesn't bother to reply to anyone, the Board is made up of people who collect Board memberships. We were abandoned years ago.
